<h3>Culture</h3>
<p>The Genesis culture is
<p>Firstly, we’re building for the long term. Most companies don’t think 10 years into the future - we’re looking 10 times that far. That changes where you focus. Culture and community become incredibly important elements, to maintain continuity across 5 generations. Secondly, you are part of the community. “We,” here, means the whole Genesis community, from the newest member to the foundation leadership.</p>
<p>The first pillar of Genesis culture is inclusivity - a broad base of diverse members will create a more vibrant and exciting community. Genesis needs a constant influx of new community members, who believe in the Genesis vision, and take on progressively more responsibility. We’re all responsible for recruiting new community members, and ensuring that they know their way around, know the culture, and get involved.</p>
<p>The second pillar is collective support. The Genesis community is not an “every person for themselves” group. It’s a community of diverse individuals working together to achieve a common goal. We’ll encourage and incentivize groups to form, grow, and work on projects together. We’ll help community members find groups and teams that can utilize their talents. And we’ll watch each other’s backs. If we see issues that affect other peoples’ experiences, we’ll help them overcome those issues, and help the wider community prevent those issues in the future.</p>
<p>The third pillar of Genesis culture is Evolution. Genesis, as a game, as a metaverse, as an IP, will evolve with the times. Likewise, the Genesis community will evolve as it grows, learns, and tackles tricky problems. We need to constantly change, but yet do it at a pace that enables the community to keep up. If we change too fast, we’ll lose people, and the community will shrink. If we change too slowly, we won’t deliver the best gaming experiences possible, and we risk falling behind competitors.</p>
<p>You’re part of this story. There’s no time where you’ll have more impact on Genesis than right now. While we’re growing, everything is fair game - you can get involved and make real differences to gameplay, metaverse features, IP, nfts, collectibles, and more.</p>