<h2>WHITE PAPER DISCLAIMER</h2>
<p>Please Read Before Acquiring GENESIS Tokens or Attempting to Use the Genesis Worlds Technology. And apologies in advance for the giant block of all caps text.</p>
<p>THIS GENESIS WORLDS WHITE PAPER (“WHITE PAPER”) IS MEANT TO PROVIDE THE READER WITH INFORMATION REGARDING GENESIS WORLDS, NFT PLATFORM LTD, GAME CREDITS, AND ITS PARTNERS (COLLECTIVELY “GW”), AND HOW THE GENESIS TOKEN (“GENESIS”) AND GENESIS PLATFORM OPERATE. IT IS MEANT TO INFORM THE CURRENT DESIGN OF THE GENESIS TOKEN AND PLATFORM AS WELL AS ITS PLANNED DESIGN.</p>
<p>THIS WHITE PAPER IS A LIVING DOCUMENT. IT MAY BE UPDATED AT ANY TIME BY GW OR THE GENESIS COMMUNITY TO REFLECT THE LATEST KNOWLEDGE AND FACTS ABOUT GENESIS, GW, AND THE GENESIS PLATFORM. YOU WILL NOT BE NOTIFIED OF CHANGES TO THIS DOCUMENT. TO ENSURE YOU HAVE THE LATEST INFORMATION, CHECK THE THE LATEST VERSION AT https://whitepaper.genesis.game. ERRORS AND OMISSIONS ARE EXPECTED. GW AND ALL OTHER PARTIES DO NOT WARRANT THAT THIS WHITE PAPER IS ACCURATE, CORRECT, OR UP TO DATE AT ANY TIME.</p>
<p>THIS WHITE PAPER IS INFORMATIONAL ONLY AND DOES NOT REPRESENT A COMMITMENT TO YOU, THE READER, OF ANY OF THE CURRENT OR FUTURE DESIGNS OR FUNCTIONALITY OF THE GENESIS TOKEN OR NETWORK. MOREOVER, THIS WHITE PAPER IS NOT A SOLICITATION TO PURCHASE GENESIS TOKENS (“TOKENS”). FURTHER, GW DOES NOT SELL, WILL NOT SELL, AND HAS NOT SOLD GENESIS TOKENS TO ANY RELATED OR UNRELATED PARTY AT ANY TIME.</p>
<p>ACQUIRING THE GENESIS TOKEN INVOLVES CONSIDERABLE RISK. THE TOKEN MAY BECOME WORTHLESS AND THE PLATFORM MAY NOT MEET YOUR NEEDS. NO PURCHASES CAN BE REFUNDED OR EXCHANGED.</p>
<p>DO NOT ACQUIRE THE GENESIS TOKEN WITH MONEY YOU CANNOT AFFORD TO LOSE. THERE IS NO GUARANTEE THAT THE UTILITY OF THE GENESIS TOKENS WILL MEET YOUR NEEDS OR EXPECTATIONS.</p>
<p>IF YOU ACQUIRE GENESIS TOKENS YOU ARE INHERENTLY ASSUMING THE RISK OF ITS LOSS OF VALUE FROM THE TIME OF THE PURCHASE, AND YOU ARE AGREEING THAT THE TOKENS’ PRESENT FUNCTIONALITY MIGHT BE ALL THEY ARE EVER CAPABLE OF DOING. </p>
<p>IF YOU ACQUIRE ANY OF THE TOKENS YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO RECOURSE AND YOU WILL NOT ASSERT ANY CLAIM, ACTION, JUDGEMENT OR REMEDY AGAINST GW OR OUR AFFILIATES, EMPLOYEES, OR PARTNERS, IF THE TOKEN LOSES VALUE, THE GENESIS PLATFORM OR NETWORK CEASES TO FUNCTION, OR IF THE PLATFORM OR NETWORK DOES NOT ULTIMATELY MEET EXPECTATIONS.</p>
<p>IF YOU ARE UNCERTAIN WHETHER TO ACQUIRE TOKENS IN LIGHT OF THESE DISCLAIMERS OR LEGAL NOTICES CONTAINED HEREIN, OR IF YOU ARE CONCERNED ABOUT THE LOSS OF ANY MONEY YOU USE TO PURCHASE THE TOKENS, GW STRONGLY URGES YOU NOT TO PURCHASE ANY GENESIS TOKENS.
GW RECOMMENDS YOU CONSULT LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX, AND OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISORS OR EXPERTS FOR FURTHER GUIDANCE BEFORE ACQUIRING TOKENS. GW CANNOT PROVIDE YOU ANY OF THE FOREGOING ADVICE. ACCORDINGLY, YOU ARE STRONGLY ADVISED TO TAKE INDEPENDENT LEGAL ADVICE IN RESPECT OF THE LEGALITY IN YOUR JURISDICTION OF YOUR ACQUISITION OR OWNERSHIP OF THE TOKENS.</p>
<p>GENESIS TOKENS ARE NOT SHARES OR SECURITIES OF ANY TYPE. THEY DO NOT GRANT YOU TO ANY KIND OF OWNERSHIP OR OTHER INTEREST IN NFT PLATFORM LTD OR ANY OTHER COMPANY, OR ENTITY. THE GENESIS TOKENS EXIST TO FACILITATE YOUR USE OF THE GENESIS PLATOFRM. THEY ARE NOT INVESTMENTS; THERE IS NO PROMISE THAT THEY WILL INCREASE IN VALUE; THEY ARE VALUABLE ONLY INSOFAR AS THEY ARE DESIGNED TO WORK WITHIN THE GENESIS PLATFORM.</p>
<p>FOR MORE INFORMATION REGARDING LEGAL NOTICES, PLEASE SEE THE LEGAL NOTICES SECTION IN THIS WHITE PAPER.</p>
