<p>Genesis is filled with hundreds of worlds, each one with a unique theme and gameplay experience, and each crafted by a group of community members with shared interests.</p>
<p>Everything in Genesis is community-created. Players will travel from world to world, to complete player-created quests, with player-created enemies in player-created environments.</p>
<p>The core of Genesis gameplay is simple. Players will travel from world to world, complete player-created quests, fight player-created enemies, and explore player-created environments. Quest rewards include NFT collectible items, which players can level up, use, and sell to other players. But this is just scratching the surface of what Genesis can be. Each World has its own theme, as well as game mechanics unique to that World. Everything, from the collectible items, to the quests, to the buildings, environments, and enemies, is created by the community.</p>
<p>So maybe for you, Genesis is all about travelling around completing quests. But it might equally be designing and building those quests, or creating new monsters for other players to battle. Or maybe some Worlds call to you more than others. Maybe it’s the dance parties and casinos in Neo Vegas, or swimming with the fish in Atlantis. Or, even just sitting around in a public square, chatting with old friends and new arrivals.</p>
<p>And that’s where the true vision of Genesis lies. It’s not about the excellent gameplay, or the easy-to-use creator tools, or buying and selling NFTs. It’s about being part of a community that’s coming together to create something truly unique, something that will last for generations.</p>
