<p>We’re building a game that’s not for profit, and will last for 100 years. That requires a whole new way of thinking about funding and resources. Instead of going to a bunch of venture capitalists, who would happily sell Genesis for parts in 10 years, we’re self-funding the initial development of Genesis.  until it gets off the ground and can use its own funds to become self-sustaining.  The money required for ongoing development is generated through mining the Genesis token. ongoing funding model is a core piece of the Genesis design. It’s not-for-profit, where all revenue is re-invested into the game. And it’s fair, with </p>
<p>The Genesis Metaverse runs on two tokens: Genesis Tokens (erc20), for governing the entire game, and powering the economy, and World NFTs (erc1155), for governing individual worlds within the game.</p>
<p>Each World in the Genesis Metaverse will be represented by 1,000-3,000 World NFTs, which allow their owners to participate in world governance, own Land within the World, and mine Genesis erc20 tokens for themselves and for the community as a whole. The more World NFTs you own, and the longer you hold them for, the more Genesis Tokens you mine.</p>
<p>World NFTs are bought and sold using the existing Game Credits erc20 token. When you buy a World NFT, your Game Credits are held in a smart contract, and you can redeem Game Credits by selling the token back to the contract at any time.</p>
<p>Genesis Tokens have additional uses. For example, Land within each World will be bought by burning Genesis Tokens. Each World NFT owner is entitled to one Land in that world, plus additional Land will be set aside for community spaces, as well as to support projects developed by key content creators.</p>
<p>All these distributions of tokens are done using a fair launch model, with no tokens set aside for the team, investors, advisors, whales, exchanges, etc. The only way to acquire Genesis Tokens, World NFTs, or Land is to pay market price.</p>