<h2>GENESIS Token Launch</h2>
<p>Of the 2 billion expected total supply of GENESIS, 100 million, or 5%, will be set aside to drive exchange liquidity and initial community ownership. The remainder will be released over time to World stake holders and Governance stakers.</p>
<p><b>Liquidity Launch</b>50,000,000 GENESIS will be used to create  and incentivize initial liquidity in a GENESIS-GAME pair on QuickSwap (Polygon). Half will provide the initial pool, in conjunction with 250k GAME. The other half will be used as liquidity incentives for that pool, encouraging the community to keep the pool large enough to support high trade volumes. Because QuickSwap pools are all linked, this pool allows you to buy GENESIS using any token you own.</p>
<p>The liquidity incentives are designed to deliver a steady rate of 250% to 300% APR, and will last for 3 to 9 months, depending on the amount of GENESIS added to the pool.</p>
<p><b>Community Incentives</b>10,000,000 GENESIS will be used for community incentives between now and the end of 2022, such as rewards for involvement, contests, content, and more. Our most valuable community members are creators, designers, and organizers. For many, this will be their first experience in a crypto project. For many more, they may have only minimal financial resources. It’s important that early community members have access to GENESIS, so we’re creating this incentive to ensure the community can reward its most creative, prolific, and fun members.</p>
<p><b>Future Liquidity Pools</b>: The remaining 40,000,000 GENESIS is set aside for incentivizing additional liquidity pools. The pools and incentive amounts will be chosen by the community; likely pools include ETH-GENESIS on Uniswap and USDC-GENESIS on QuickSwap. Multiple trading pools ensures GENESIS will trade against a basket of currencies, and reduce price fluctuations. It also makes buying more attractive for users of those currencies.</p>
